# Blog Application

A simple and responsive blog application that features a dynamic frontend and a robust backend API.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project is a front-end for full-stack blog application designed to provide a seamless and responsive user experience. It includes a homepage displaying blog posts in a grid layout and individual post pages showing detailed content. The application is built with modern technologies, ensuring performance, scalability, and ease of maintenance.

## Installation

### Frontend

1. **Clone the repository:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/iNikolas/nextjs-blog-frontend
cd nextjs-blog-frontend
```

2. **Install dependencies:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Run the development server:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

4. **Build the project for production:**

```bash
npm run build
npm run start
```

## API Documentation

1. **Visit Swagger documentation page:**

The API is documented using Swagger. Visit the following URL to view the API documentation: [openapi](https://nestjs-blog-backend.onrender.com/api)

2. **Autogenerate API methods and Typescript types in yuor application:**

You dont need to modify `api` folder in the root of the project. All types and methods are autogenerated. To update API documentation run following command:

```bash
npm run generate-api
```

## Deployment

1. **Frontend:** [Vercel](https://nextjs-blog-frontend-one.vercel.app/)

2. **Backend:** [Render](https://nestjs-blog-backend.onrender.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENCE) file for details.
